# Project Structure

This project is structured as follows:

* _modules/_: contains the Python modules to be used as imports by `main.py` and the Jupyter notebooks.
    * _data.py_: contains a method to generate the dataset.
    * _graph.py_: contains the graph and model classes.
    * _options.py_: contains `main.py`'s arguments.
    * _topos.py_: contains the required methods to generate the topologies' weight matrices.
    * _utils.py_: contains utility methods used in other modules.
* _notebooks/_: contains the Jupyter notebooks used to generate plots related to the dataset and training convergence.
    * _data\_visualization.ipynb_: notebook which contains plots for the dataset and a small test on the convergence in a single node.
    * _train\_plots.ipynb_: notebook which reads the results generated by `run_results.sh` and plots them, comparing them to a "global" non-distributed model.
* _main.py_: is the entry script to train different topologies with different properties.
* _requirements.txt_: Python packages used by the project.
* _run\_results.sh_: shell script that automatically generates the results used by the notebook `train_plots.ipynb` and saves them in CSV format under `notebooks/`.

# Setup

Run the following commands from the root folder of the project:

```shell
python3 -m venv venv
. ./venv/bin/activate
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Usage

`main.py` is the entrypoint to train the different topologies. You first have to activate the Python environment:

```shell
. ./venv/bin/activate
```

Then, for a simple training of the fully-connected topology, run the following:

```shell
python3 main.py
```

You can check all available topologies and settings with:

```shell
python3 main.py --help
```

# Jupyter Notebooks

You can find some Jupyter notebooks containing plots of the data under `notebooks/`.

Simply run the following from the root folder to see them:

```shell
. ./venv/bin/activate
jupyter-lab
```

You can now open your browser in the provided URL and navigate to `notebooks/`.
